docs: mention kebab case naming for islands (#572)
denoland/fresh: docs/getting-started/adding-interactivity.md

create "island components" that are _also_ rendered client side. To do this,
Fresh projects have a special `islands/` folder. The modules in this folder each
encapsulate a single island component. The name of the module should be the
[pascal case][pascal-case] or [kebab case][kebab-case] name of the island
component. For example a counter component would be defined in the file

> `islands/Counter.tsx`. A buy now button would be defined in the file
> `islands/BuyNowButton.tsx`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`islands/Counter.tsx`. A buy now button could be defined in the file
`islands/buy-now-button.tsx`.
```
